Briefly summarize your client, Artemis Financial, and its software requirements. Who was the client? What issue did the company want you to address?
Artemis financial is a financial company to aid with financial planning. The software requirements must protect data of clients and allow a client facing web service to have file verification and encryption.

What did you do well when you found your client’s software security vulnerabilities? Why is it important to code securely? What value does software security add to a company’s overall well-being?
When I found vulnerabilities, I aimed to fix them. This was accomplished by using OWASP and a manual review.Adding security adds reputation, avoids potential law suits or fines, and finally protects the accounts and finances of the company.

Which part of the vulnerability assessment was challenging or helpful to you?
Getting the hang of OWASP and Springboot was a massive struggle. It's good that I know how to do it now.

How did you increase layers of security? In the future, what would you use to assess vulnerabilities and decide which mitigation techniques to use?
I increased security by adding a key, updated plugins, and added encryption. In the future, I would add input verification and hire a team of white hat hackers to try and find vulnerabilities.

How did you make certain the code and software application were functional and secure? After refactoring the code, how did you check to see whether you introduced new vulnerabilities?
I made sure the code was functional by making sure it built successfully and launched the springboot and OWASP plugins. After refactoring, I ran OWASP again to make sure no new vulnerabilities appeared.

What resources, tools, or coding practices did you use that might be helpful in future assignments or tasks?
I used OWASP, keytool, and followed the industry best practices. Learning strategies from the book was also helpful.

Employers sometimes ask for examples of work that you have successfully completed to show your skills, knowledge, and experience. What might you show future employers from this assignment?
I would show off all of the work I have done for my degree.
